Topic 1: Tabular and Graphical Representation
data source: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/uom190346a/disease-symptoms-and-patient-profile-dataset

A. Inspect the dataset and find the number of dataset records, the number of numeric attributes, and the value of the attribute "Disease" of the 3rd record.

B. Create a contigency table with absolute frequencies for attributes "Fever" and "Cough". The table should also include the sum of each row/column.

C. Create a bar chart showing the frequency of existence (Yes) or absence (No) of symptom "Fatigue" among the patients.

D. Create a pie chart to show the distribution of patients across different "Cholesterol Level" categories.

E. Create box plots to show the age distribution of patients with different diseases.


Topic 2: Correlation
data source: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/lainguyn123/student-performance-factors/data

A. Read the dataset "StudentData", inspect it using the str() function.

B. Remove the non-numeric attributes of the initial dataset by creating a new subset called "StudentDataNumeric", including only the attributes with numeric values.

C. Use the "StudentDataNumeric" subset to calculate the correlation matrix (using Pearson's coef). Visualize the identified correlation matrix by creating the corresponding heatmap.

D. Fetch the Pearson's rank correlation coefficient for the pairs Attendance-Hours_Studied, Attendance-Exam_Score, Tutoring_Sessions-Previous_Scores, Physical_Activity-Sleep_Hours.


Topic 3: Data Frames
data source: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/christofferms/pokemon-with-stats-and-image

A. Load the Pokedex dataset, inspect it using str() function and remove the column containing the image path.
   Then, set the row names according to the contents of attrinute "Name" and remove this column afterwards.
   Finally, fetch the entire crecord of the Pokemon named "Omastar".

B. Identify the numbe of Pokemon that do not have a second type.
   Then, identify the number of Pokemon whose "Speed" is less than 60.

C. Calculate the average attack value of all "Water" type Pokemon (type1 or type2).
   Identify the name of the "Fairy" type Pokemon (type1 or type2) with the greatest "HP" value.

D. Calculate the normalized values fot attributes "HP", "Attack". "Defence" using the min-max formula and insert them in three new columns named "NormHP", "NormAttack", NormDefence" respectively.
   Find the names of Pokemon with the 3 highest NormHP values, the median value of NormAttack, the average value of NormDefence.

E. Calculate and insert in a new column the values of a new metric called "Performance" defined as the NormHP*NormAttack*NormDefense + 0.0002. 
  Create a new ordinal attribute called "Grade" which may take the values "Weak", "Normal" and "Strong" that correspond to the following intervals (0, 0.15], (0.15, 0.2], and (0.2, 1], for the values of the Performance attribute respectively.

